{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deflang1033\plain\margl1440\margr1440\fs24\fet1{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\slmult1\qc{{\fs24 Works Cited}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 \uc0\u8220 Build a Survey Form Using HTML and CSS.\uc0\u8221  {\i GeeksforGeeks}, 24 Mar. 2021, www.geeksforgeeks.org/build-a-survey-form-using-html-and-css/.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Burgess, Gillian. \uc0\u8220 Creative Ideas for Proposing at Comic-Con.\uc0\u8221  {\i My Trio Rings}, 11 Nov. 2014, www.mytriorings.com/blog/2014/11/11/creative-ideas-for-proposing-at-comic-con. Accessed 12 Apr. 2023.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 \uc0\u8220 How to Create a Register Form.\uc0\u8221  {\i Www.w3schools.com}, www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_register_form.asp.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Indeed Editorial Team. \uc0\u8220 How to Write an Event Proposal (with a Template and Example).\uc0\u8221  {\i Indeed Career Guide}, 5 Jan. 2023, www.indeed.com/career-advice/career-development/event-proposal-template.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Ivanenko, Viktoriia. \uc0\u8220 Sending Emails in PHP [2023 Guide with Examples].\uc0\u8221  {\i Mailtrap.io}, 23 Sept. 2022, mailtrap.io/blog/php-email-sending/. Accessed 12 Apr. 2023.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Ndugu, Avic. \uc0\u8220 HTML CSS Projects: Survey Form \uc0\u183  Dev Practical.\uc0\u8221  {\i Devpractical.com}, devpractical.com/survey-form-html-css-project/. Accessed 12 Apr. 2023.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 ---. \uc0\u8220 HTML CSS Projects: Survey Form \uc0\u183  Dev Practical.\uc0\u8221  {\i Devpractical.com}, devpractical.com/survey-form-html-css-project/. Accessed 12 Apr. 2023.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 \uc0\u8220 PHP Connect to MySQL.\uc0\u8221  {\i W3schools.com}, 2012, www.w3schools.com/php/php_mysql_connect.asp.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 \uc0\u8220 PHP Insert Data into MySQL.\uc0\u8221  {\i W3schools.com}, 2019, www.w3schools.com/php/php_mysql_insert.asp.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 \uc0\u8220 PHP Select Data from MySQL.\uc0\u8221  {\i W3schools.com}, 2019, www.w3schools.com/php/php_mysql_select.asp.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 w3schools. \uc0\u8220 What Is HTML.\uc0\u8221  {\i W3schools.com}, 2019, www.w3schools.com/whatis/whatis_html.asp.\par}}
}
